People in attendance: ADK, Darkling, Johnson, Ryan, Thalo, Zaz, Solve, Dimlight, Scrub.  Start time 19:12

Re-explained the premise of PXG. Being open, honest, transparent, supporting innvoation and ideas, enabling stuff. Confirmation that we have no hidden channels of any invisible admin stuff. 

Deadline agreed and set 15th June = Last day for mod and map suggestions for Q3 (Possibly followed up by voting). Reddin tanks heavily requested. 

Options that we like for Gaming Deluxe / Molly.  Use some of the donate funds and upg CPU or SSD or whatever we can get. Boost it. or turn ADK loose on them. 

Darkling added to people who can access game server.

Logo complete. We need to vectorise it though. ADK trying in Inkscape. Darkling looking for nice font. 

Agreed to have category emojis in discord. Darkling sorting with Johnson. 

Get rid of github wiki, and use discord. No one has used it or wants to. Replace with locked channels on discord. (Keep the tech Git for spylon and dimlight obvs).

Re iterated that real life comes first. No matter what PXG business is going on.  Will add to rules. 

Agreed to keep ops at normal time. Not start later. 

Questions arising.

Can we have lasers and torches for the modpack? can we use the better IR ones?  prob need zaz to look into and spylon to tell us stuff

Request from Johnson to get a screen shot of players faces from their Arma3 profile. Its for media stuff...

Darkling and Solve might have a chat about doing something wonky for Q4 special event or non op night Star Wars, 40K, SCP, etc. 

We would like to have GCam Cinematic Camera Tool and lock it to zeus slot. We confirmed it can be done. Spy? 

Meeting closed 20:12

Members then played meme ops by Darkling zeus afterwards